docs(site): Minor improvements related to spelling and structure - repository server (#3618)
kopia/kopia: site/content/docs/Repository Server/_index.md

Repository Server allows an instance of Kopia to proxy access to the underlying storage and has Kopia clients proxy all access through it, only requiring a username and password to talk to the server without any knowledge of
repository storage credentials. 

In repository server mode, each user is limited to seeing their own snapshots and policy manifest without being able to access those from another user account. 

>NOTE: Only snapshot and policy manifests are access-controlled, not the underlying contents. If two users share the same file, it will be backed using identical content IDs. The consequence is that if a third user can guess the content ID of files in the repository, they can access the files. Because content IDs are one-way salted hashes of contents, it should be impossible to guess content ID without possessing original content.

## Starting Repository Server

Before starting the repository server, we must first [create and configure a repository](../repositories/#repositories). Finally, we must create a list of usernames and passwords that will be allowed to access it.

> A repository server should be started on a dedicated LAN server so all clients can connect directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository server should be started in a location where:
- all kopia clients can connect directly to the server;
- the latency between the client and the server is low;
- theres is sufficient bandwidth between the client and the server.
```

### Custom TLS Certificates

If a user has obtained a custom certificate (for example, from LetsEncrypt or another CA), using it is simply a matter of providing a PEM-formatted certificate and key files on server startup.

> To get SHA256 certificate of an existing file, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the SHA256 digest of an existing certificate file, use:
```
